# Azure Search with Azure Functions

I built these Azure Functions to load a JSON representation of my blog into Azure Search and allow me to search for posts and pages with a bit of client side Javascript. My blog is a static site generated by Jekyll and is hosted on GitHub Pages, so there is no server side available.

Though this was created specifically for my Jekyll based blog I should be re-usable as long as the JSON passed in is an array of the `Page` objects (see [Page.csx](https://github.com/hutchcodes/Azure-Search-with-Azure-Functions/blob/master/Shared/Page.csx)).

# Application Settings

The following Application settings need to be configured in your Function App
- `SearchJsonUrl` - The URL of the *search.json* in your Jekyll site
- `SearchServiceName` - The name of your Azure Search instance
- `SearchApiKey` - The Admin Key of your Azure Search instance
- `SarchIndexName` - The name of the Azure Search Index you want to use

The Search Index will be deleted and recreated each time the RebuildIndex Function runs. This is because I have no way to pass deleted posts up to delete them from the Search Index.

# Searching

The Search function returns an HTML representation of the post or page. The HTML is exactly what I need to plop into my site without modification. I'd like to make that more configurable, but haven't decided yet the best way to do that. Maybe pull it in from an outside source, or an Application Setting. If anyone thinks that would be useful, let me know and I'll update it, or just send a pull request.

# Scoring Profiles

I haven't setup a Scoring Profile to give greater weight to hits in the title than the body. At this point I don't think I have enough Posts/Pages to justify it.

# Questions

You can find my contact info here https://hutchcodes.net/about/
